Learning to communicate in
a new way can be exciting.
Maybe you've learned
a new language
and can remember this feeling.
Perhaps a lot of us share
this excitement with
young children as they are
expanding their vocabulary.
Others, including me, remember
a sense of wonder when we
first used a specialized language
to communicate with
their computer.
In this section, we'll
continue to learn more about
Linux and how to
communicate with the
OS through its shell.
You'll utilize
the command line
to communicate with the OS.
You'll learn how to input
commands in the shell
and learn about some of
the core Linux
commands that you'll
use as a security analyst.
Specifically, this includes
navigating and managing
the file system.
You'll also focus on
authenticating and
authorizing users.
This means you'll be able to
use a command line to add and
delete users from the system and
to control what they
have access to.
Finally, there's
always more to learn.
We'll cover accessing
resources that
support learning
new Linux commands.
I remember when I first
learned about the command line
and was shocked at the
capabilities it provided.
I didn't need to click through
multiple screens
to get tasks done.
Although it took some practice
and time to get used to,
it has been one of the
biggest tools at my disposal.
After this section, you'll have
a practical
experience in an area
important to the work of
a security analyst:
using Linux commands.